[e2e testing] NGSI-LD (#849)
telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib: doc/installationguide.md

}
```

-   If you want to use NGSI-LD (experimental):

```javascript
{
    host: '192.168.56.101',
    port: '1026',
    ngsiVersion: 'ld',

>     jsonLdContext: 'http://context.json-ld'

Reviewer: Shouldn't you be able to pass multiple contexts ?

Reviewer 2: To handle multiple contexts you can create a file which holds an array of contexts:

```jsonld
{
  "@context": [
        "https://fiware.github.io/tutorials.Step-by-Step/tutorials-context.jsonld",
        "https://fiware.github.io/data-models/context.jsonld",
        "https://uri.etsi.org/ngsi-ld/v1/ngsi-ld-core-context.jsonld"
    ]
}
```

The files `tutorials-context.jsonld`, `context.jsonld` and `ngsi-ld-core-context.jsonld` each a separate context.

I'd assume the context won't bee too large - you just need the Device definitions. Even if it is quite big, in reality you'll only need to load the context(s) once and thereafter it will be cached.

>     jsonLdContext: 'http://context.json-ld''

Author: Autosuggestion:

```suggestion
    jsonLdContext: 'http://context.json-ld'
```

Author: Fixed in 8102bc7

    the IoTAgent runs in a single thread. For more details about multi-core functionality, please refer to the
    [Cluster](https://nodejs.org/api/cluster.html) module in Node.js and
    [this section](howto.md#iot-agent-in-multi-thread-mode) of the library documentation.

> -  **fallbackTenant** - For Linked Data Context Brokers which do not support multi-tenancy, this provides an alternative mechanism for suppling the `NGSILD-Tenant` header.

Author: ```suggestion
-  **fallbackTenant** - For Linked Data Context Brokers which do not support multi-tenancy, this provides an alternative mechanism for supplying the `NGSILD-Tenant` header. Note that NGSILD-Tenant has not been yet included in the NGSI-LD standard (it has been proposed for the v1.3, but not decission has been done yet), take into account it could change.
```

What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Yes, with two changes

been yet included   => yet been included 

for the v1.3, but not decission has been done yet. => for the next update of the standard, but the final decision has yet been confirmed)

Author: Upgraded:

```suggestion
-  **fallbackTenant** - For Linked Data Context Brokers which do not support multi-tenancy, this provides an alternative mechanism for supplying the `NGSILD-Tenant` header. Note that NGSILD-Tenant has not yet been included in the NGSI-LD standard (it has been proposed for the next update of the standard, but the final decision has yet been confirmed), take into account it could change.
```

Author: Fixed in 56ca556

    Note that for backwards compatibility with NGSI v2, the `fiware-service` header is already used as alternative if the `NGSILD-Tenant` header is not supplied.
-  **fallbackPath** - For Linked Data Context Brokers which do not support a service path, this provides an alternative mechanism for suppling the `NGSILD-Path` header.

>     Note that for backwards compatibility with NGSI v2, the `fiware-service-path` header is already used as alternative if the `NGSILD-Path` header is not supplied.

Author: Looking to ETSI GS CIM 009 V1.2.1 I haven't found references to NGSILD-Tenant or NGSILD-Path...

Is that correct or maybe I have missed it? If I'm correct, could you elaborate on this new two headers?

Reviewer 2: New proposals for v1.3 - not decided yet.

Author: Thanks for the clarification. I think it would be a good idea to mention it (in a separate comment).

NTC

>     Note that for backwards compatibility with NGSI v2, the `fiware-service-path` header is already used as alternative if the `NGSILD-Path` header is not supplied.

Author: In addition, the right header for the path is `fiware-servicepath`. The `fiware-service-path` should be fixed in this documenation (and code, if this is more than a documentation typo and the PR code is not using the right one).

Reviewer 2: This is a typo - please delete the hyphen. I am awaiting the final definition of Multitenancy support within NGSI-LD, so currently all four of   `NGSILD-Tenant` and  `NGSILD-Path` and  `fiware-service` and `fiware-servicepath` are sent.

Author: ```suggestion
    Note that for backwards compatibility with NGSI v2, the `fiware-servicepath` header is already used as alternative if the `NGSILD-Path` header is not supplied. Note that NGSILD-Path has not been yet included in the NGSI-LD standard (it has been proposed for the v1.3, but no decission has been done yet), take into account it could change
```

What do you think?

Author: Upgraded:

```suggestion
    Note that for backwards compatibility with NGSI v2, the `fiware-servicepath` header is already used as alternative if the `NGSILD-Path` header is not supplied. Note that NGSILD-Path has not yet been included in the NGSI-LD standard (it has been proposed for the next update of the standard, but the final decision has yet been confirmed), take into account it could change
```

Author: Fixed in 42294e3
